:/

I'm probably going to leave DSI in the next month or so, just a heads up if anyone visits this page.

I disagreed with the style and message of the record label, even when I first got on it in late January this year. It just never seemed like I really belonged, and while that hurt, to me that wasn't ever a reason to leave.

The real reason that I want to leave is because of myself, I have found that ever since I started on the record label I've been highly judgemental towards my own music and even other's, and while I know I should just be able to easily get over this, I've honestly tried. I just can't seem to help it. I get jealous at people who are better than me, and I get infuriated by those who make the music in a way that doesn't uphold my beliefs in this music. I've had enough of myself like this.

The final thing that truly made my decision was this video talking about having a passion and truly loving life, in the last few words of the video the guy said something like, "Don't turn to your hobby to get popular. That's not going to make life meaningful for you." And honestly, I always ask myself why I ever wanted to get on a label in the first place, and I told myself, "It's cuz I wanna change the scene into a much more positive and uplifting message, and not 'fuk u im harder dan u'." That may have been a part of it, but I think now I know that the real reason was because I've always been treated as a kid, and I just wanted someone to take me seriously, I thought joining a label would force people to take me seriously, but it really didn't.

I'm going to have one more submission sent to DSI before I leave it officially, because I promised myself I wasn't going to puss out and leave until I uploaded at least 1 new song and 1 whole EP. If I can do all that and still not like the label, then  can leave. So, I'm not going to break that promise to myself, I'm making 1 EP and I'm going to make it as good as I can, and then I'll never have to deal with this again.

If you actually read all of this, thanks man (or woman) that means a lot! <3

I'll never stop making Gabber until I'm dead. It's my passion, it's art to me, and art doesn't deserve money. It's done for the soul.
